Currently Promoting
###################
:date: 2012-02-25 15:45
:author: Leah
:slug: projects

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Core Projects
-------------

 

.. raw:: html

   <div>

**\ `NumPy`_\ **

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image0|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

NumPy is the fundamental package needed for scientific computing with
Python. Besides its obvious scientific uses, NumPy can also be used as
an efficient multi-dimensional container of generic data. Arbitrary
data-types can be defined. This allows NumPy to seamlessly and speedily
integrate with a wide variety of databases.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Repositories for NumPy binaries:
 `http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#numpy`_,

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

a variety of versions
- `http://sourceforge.net/projects/numpy/files/NumPy/`_,

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

version 1.6.1
- `http://sourceforge.net/projects/numpy/files/NumPy/1.6.1/`_.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

**\ `SciPy`_\ **

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image1|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

SciPy is open-source software for mathematics, science, and engineering.
It is also the name of a very popular conference on scientific
programming with Python. The SciPy library depends on NumPy, which
provides convenient and fast N-dimensional array manipulation. The SciPy
library is built to work with NumPy arrays, and provides many
user-friendly and efficient numerical routines such as routines for
numerical integration and optimization.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

**\ `Matplotlib`_\ **

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image2|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

2D plotting library for Python that produces high quality figures that
can be used in various hardcopy and interactive environments. matplolib
is compatiable with python scripts and the python and ipython shells.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

**`IPython`_**

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image3|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

High quality open source python shell that includes tools for high level
and interactive parallel computing.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

\ **`SymPy`_**\ 

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image4|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

SymPy is a Python library for symbolic mathematics. It aims to become a
full-featured computer algebra system (CAS) while keeping the code as
simple as possible in order to be comprehensible and easily extensible.
SymPy is written entirely in Python and does not require any external
libraries.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

Other Projects
--------------

 

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

**`Cython`_**

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image5|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Cython is a language based on Pyrex that makes writing C extensions for
Python as easy as writing them in Python itself. Cython supports calling
C functions and declaring C types on variables and class attributes,
allowing the compiler to generate very efficient C code from Cython
code.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

**`pandas`_**

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image6|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

pandas is an open source, BSD-licensed library providing
high-performance, easy-to-use data structures and data analysis tools
for the Python programming language.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

\ **`PyTables`_**\ 

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image7|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

PyTables is a package for managing hierarchical datasets and designed to
efficiently and easily cope with extremely large amounts of
data. PyTables is built on top of the HDF5 library, using the Python
language and the NumPy package. It features an Pythonic interface
combined with C / Cython extensions for the performance-critical parts
of the code.  This makes it a fast, yet extremely easy to use tool for
very large amounts of data.  \ `http://pytables.github.com/`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

**`scikit-image`_**

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image8|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Free high-quality and peer-reviewed volunteer produced collection of
algorithms for image processing.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

**`scikit-learn`_**

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image9|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Module designed for scientific pythons that provides accesible solutions
to machine learning problems.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

**`Scikits-Statsmodels`_**

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image10|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Statsmodels is a Python package that provides a complement to scipy for
statistical computations including descriptive statistics and estimation
of statistical models.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

\ **`Spyder`_**\ 

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image11|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Interactive development environment for Python that features advanced
editing, interactive testing, debugging and introspection capabilities,
as well as a numerical computing environment made possible through the
support of Ipython, NumPy, SciPy, and matplotlib.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   <div>

\ **`Theano`_**\ 

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

`|image12|`_

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Theano is a Python library that allows you to define, optimize, and
evaluate mathematical expressions involving multi-dimensional arrays
efficiently.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

 

.. raw:: html

   <div>

\ **
**\ 

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. _NumPy: http://numpy.scipy.org/
.. _|image13|: http://numpy.scipy.org/
.. _`http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#numpy`: http://www.lfd.uci.edu/%7Egohlke/pythonlibs/#numpy
.. _`http://sourceforge.net/projects/numpy/files/NumPy/`: http://sourceforge.net/projects/numpy/files/NumPy/
.. _`http://sourceforge.net/projects/numpy/files/NumPy/1.6.1/`: http://sourceforge.net/projects/numpy/files/NumPy/1.6.1/
.. _SciPy: http://www.scipy.org/
.. _|image14|: http://www.scipy.org/
.. _Matplotlib: http://matplotlib.sourceforge.net/
.. _|image15|: http://matplotlib.sourceforge.net/
.. _IPython: http://ipython.org/
.. _|image16|: http://ipython.org/
.. _SymPy: http://SymPy.org/en/index.html
.. _|image17|: http://SymPy.org/en/index.html
.. _Cython: http://cython.org/
.. _|image18|: http://cython.org/
.. _pandas: http://pandas.pydata.org/
.. _|image19|: http://pandas.pydata.org/
.. _PyTables: http://pytables.github.com/
.. _|image20|: http://pytables.github.com/
.. _`http://pytables.github.com/`: http://pytables.github.com/
.. _scikit-image: http://scikit-image.org/
.. _|image21|: http://scikit-image.org/
.. _scikit-learn: http://scikit-learn.org/stable/
.. _|image22|: http://scikit-learn.org/stable/
.. _Scikits-Statsmodels: http://scikits.appspot.com/statsmodels
.. _|image23|: http://scikits.appspot.com/statsmodels
.. _Spyder: http://code.google.com/p/spyderlib/
.. _|image24|: http://code.google.com/p/spyderlib/
.. _Theano: http://deeplearning.net/software/theano/#
.. _|image25|: http://deeplearning.net/software/theano/#

.. |image0| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/NumPY.png
.. |image1| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/scipy.png
.. |image2| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/matplotlib.png
.. |image3| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/ipython.png
.. |image4| image:: http://numfocus.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/SymPy2.jpg
.. |image5| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/cython.png
.. |image6| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/pandas.png
.. |image7| image:: http://numfocus.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/logo-pytables-small.png
.. |image8| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/scikitsimage.png
.. |image9| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/scikitslearn.png
.. |image10| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/scikits.png
.. |image11| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/spyder.png
.. |image12| image:: http://numfocus.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/theano_logo_allblue_200x46.png
.. |image13| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/NumPY.png
.. |image14| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/scipy.png
.. |image15| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/matplotlib.png
.. |image16| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/ipython.png
.. |image17| image:: http://numfocus.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/SymPy2.jpg
.. |image18| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/cython.png
.. |image19| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/pandas.png
.. |image20| image:: http://numfocus.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/logo-pytables-small.png
.. |image21| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/scikitsimage.png
.. |image22| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/scikitslearn.png
.. |image23| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/scikits.png
.. |image24| image:: http://www.numfocus.org/img/spyder.png
.. |image25| image:: http://numfocus.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/theano_logo_allblue_200x46.png
