Minutes - December 30, 2013
############################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-12-30.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-12-30.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Andy Terrel, Didrik Pinte, Ralf Gommers, Travis Oliphant, Perry
Greenfield, Fernando Perez, Jarrod Millman, Anthony Scopatz

**Not Attending**:
Emmanuelle Gouillart

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Minutes of 9 Dec 2013 meeting are approved.

Treasurer's Report
------------------
Anthony provided a Profit & Loss overview.

Leah managing Invoices with MS Word rather than Quickbooks, Anthony figured out
Quickbooks and will show Leah.


Old Business
============

Comprehensive FSA Approval
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Wants to add more verbage on what the Project gains.
- Paragraph 2(c) needs to be rephrased and expanded - it’s not clear: the
  everyday running of the project remains the responsibility of the project;
  community programs, public information work are not things Numfocus will be
  involved in.
- Need to add legal representation 
- Add paragraph titled “Services Offered by Numfocus” or something similar.

Interest on money held in the fund should remain in the Numfocus account - this
is how it generally works (see universities and academic grants), and tracking
it per project would be a significant overhead.

John Hunter Fellowship
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Email 
- Questions:

  - Who is the applicant the Mentor or Student?

      - Student proposes project and mentor

  - Students only work 50% (100% in summer), how do we acommodate?

      - Work two summers at (100%)
      - Only advanced students at 100%
      - Time slice
      - Just specify set amount and due date

  - How do we pay tuition?

    - Students tuitions will vary by institution, but if students are given set
      amount then it excludes top universities.
    - Focus on summer work outside of graduate student duties

  - Open access publications

  - Do we pay for the OA fees?

    - Allow students to appeal for funding fees

  - Add a preference versus requirement

    - Requirement is better

  - Add caveat to make pre-print available to free well-recognized preprint
    repository (ArXiv, FigShare, etc)

  - Licenses

    - OSI approved, preferrably BSD or MIT

- Edit on Github, private.

Membership form
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Looks good to Perry, will get back to folks in the next few weeks Google form
goes to spreadsheet, would be better than github pull request can be displayed
on site


New Business
============

Document Storage and adoption of a Document Retention Policy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Retention policies:

- Critical documents that need permanent storage are the Meeting Minutes,
  Bylaws, IRS 501(c)3 letter and ?
- FSA docs

http://www.smartgivers.org/uploads/record_retention_policy_HNC.docx
http://www.blueavocado.org/content/model-document-retention-policy-nonprofits
http://www.publiccounsel.org/tools/assets/files/DocMemo.pdf

Document Storage:

- Github synced with Google Drive
- Two levels, receipts and major IRS documents

  - Anthony already has two level storage
  - Would good to back up eventually.
  - Primary should be smartvault
  - Primary problem with Dropbox, GDrive, Box.com is they delete old versions
    and you lose history of documents
  - Continue discussion over email.

- Approve use of safety deposit box at local bank.
    

Not Discussed
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#. Per diem system for conference scholarship recipients
#. Suggested changes to logo: NumFOCUS to Numfocus
#. Election
