Minutes - November 13, 2013
############################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-11-13.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-11-13.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Perry Greenfield, Anthony Scopatz, Didrik Pinte, Matt Terry

**Not Attending**:
Travis Oliphant, Ralf Gommers, Fernando Perez, Andy Terrel, Emmanuelle
Gouillart, Jarrod Millman


Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------


Treasurer's Report
------------------
Anthony provided a Profit & Loss overview.


Old Business
============

PyData NYC and Women in Technology Workshop report
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Great exposure for NF at PyData.  400+ attendees.  65 high school girls in
attendance due to Women in Technology initiative.  20 diversity scholarships
paid by JPMorgan through NF.

Membership
~~~~~~~~~~
Discussed was what the purpose of the Fellows and Emeritus membership
categories was. Since there is the community membership category, it seems
apparent that these two categories are meant for special recognition in the
community. As background, it was noted that the Fellow category came from the
proposed PSF change to their membership model, but they haven’t yet made it
their new policy yet, and that document doesn’t really explain the purpose of
that category. But all present agreed that was the purpose of a Fellow
membership. Perry agreed to draft some text to explain the purpose of the
Fellow and Emeritus membership categories.

A second issue is how many Fellow members are appropriate. The policy on this
does not need to be part of the membership page, but we as a board should
understand our goals. We expect that we will be adding Fellows gradually over
time, so we should be careful to add at a rate consistent with the number we
want to achieve in the longer term. There appeared to be agreement on this, but
no specific number for the long term was settled on.

Leah mentioned that corporate sponsorship was being separated from sponsored
members (and thus we were renaming sponsored members to supporting members).
There was no objection to that separation. Perry raised the issue of whether
the categories of supporting members should be changed from student,
professional, etc, to something more indicative of the amount contributed
rather than the professional status of the member. Anthony was in general
agreement, but for the most part, most don’t seem to care one way or another.
Even Perry said he will accept anything to get the membership issue settled.

Perry asked if it made any sense to keep some members hidden in the membership
list shown on the web page. It does make sense to ask them if they want their
contact info kept private, but not that they are a member kept private. There
was general agreement with this, so that is the way we will proceed. 

Leah offered to find the previous web form for people to fill out application
information (including whether they want contact info kept private) rather
require it sent by email. 

FSA
~~~
What needs to be done? Grantor/grantee approved and will be put on the website.
We are good to go with this model and feel free to distribute and use.

Leah will merge comprehensive model versions between what is there now and what
Fernando has.  Let’s try to vote on this next board meeting.


New Business
============

Making financial information public
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Come up with guidelines for what financial information is made public and
how.  Until then, Matt is going to remove bank balances from old minutes and
post them to the website.
