Minutes - December 09, 2013
############################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-12-09.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-12-09.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Anthony Scopatz, Ralf Gommers, Fernando Perez

**Not Attending**:
Andy Terrel, Travis Oliphant, Perry Greenfield, Jarrod Millman, Didrik Pinte

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Minutes of last meeting are approved.

Treasurer's Report
------------------
“I have been a bit distracted this past couple of weeks” -- Anthony


Old Business
============

Status of PyTables domain transfer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Domain transfer is completed.

This spurred the discussion that we should have a list of assets that Numfocus
holds (we have the mac mini for numpy/scipy, domains, etc).

Finishing up comprehensive FSA
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This is the FSA that IPython will use first, but ready for other projects as
well.  Leah will put it up soon on a google doc we can work on, she’s been
already working on it.

For comprehensive sponsorship requiring 5 signatories from the project makes
sense (for grantor-grantee 3 is enough).

Credit card application
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Perry and Fernando signed the paperwork for the credit card application, Leah
filed it and it’s in the pipeline.  Confirmation should arrive soon.  Leah,
Anthony and Travis will have a card.



New Business
============

Instructions on website for donate button install
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This needs to be done on a project-by-project basis, Anthony (or the current
treasurer) pretty much has to give each project the HTML with the specific
PayPal information.  We need to clarify our policy so that any project that has
a donate button should at the very least sign a grantor/grantee FSA so that the
relationship between NF and the project is clearly established.  Ralf motioned
that, in the future, all projects and organizations that want NumFOCUS to
accept donations on their behalf, must first sign a Fiscal Sponsorship
Agreement (it can be a simple grantor/grantee one or a comprehensive one,
depending on the needs of the project). This motion is accepted.

We will work on signing FSAs for the projects that already have donation
buttons to transition them into this policy.

John Hunter Fellowship update
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ralf has a short update, he’s finishing up ideas on how to advertise this and
run the selection process. Jake vdP indicated that PhD students, even if funded
100% by NumFOCUS, might not be allowed to spend more than 50% of their time on
the work we fund. This will need lots further clarification, because at this
time NF is not comfortable with the possibility that we might have to pay 100%
time + tuition for a student and get substantially less effort commitment.  We
will investigate further exactly what the conditions are, and try to come up
with a clear policy for these cases.

Elections  
~~~~~~~~~
The board will try to reach out to new potential members who might be
interested in serving next year, and this list will be voted on by the existing
board as long as those people are actually interested in serving.  We may move
towards a more open election model in the future as our membership grows and
stabilizes, and we have more resources to tackle an open election. But we’re
still in a somewhat bootstrapping phase, and it doesn’t look realistic right
now to run a full-blown open election.  Anthony will try to organize these
ideas and run a discussion on the admin mailing list.
