Minutes - March 31, 2014
#########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-03-31.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-03-31.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Fernando Perez, Anthony Scopatz, Ralf Gommers, Perry Greenfield

**Not Attending**:
Andy Terrel, Travis Oliphant, Emmanuelle Gouillart, Jarrod Millman, Didrik
Pinte

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Minutes were approved.

Treasurer's Report
------------------
- Anthony gave an update on bank balances.
- Documentation for PyData income needed, Leah will follow up on this.

Old Business
============

Elections
~~~~~~~~~
Discussed a draft.  Getting this document up on website / out on the mailing
list is getting somewhat urgent. Not enough people now, to be taken up on the
admin list this week.

Website update
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Determine categories or labels to distinguish the projects we promote/support
  and those who have signed FSA’s.

  - Distinguishing projects
  - Continue on GitHub 

- FSA article on IPython, SymPy and Astropy on website home page.
- Leah has press release about already signed FSAs. To be put up on website as
  soon as AstroPy has signed. 

Astropy FSA
~~~~~~~~~~~
Awaiting one signature, Perry will follow up on this.

Legal advice on developer contract
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Tony Sebro’s answer to the question regarding developers, such as Jonathan
Frederic, needing a contract.

Recap of 3/26 call with Tony Sebro regarding NumFocus hiring developers as
contractors:

#. Developers working for a project should have an Independent Contractor
   relationship with NumFocus.

#. A signed agreement is needed and the developer should be given a proposal,
   from NF of work that is to be done.

#. The agreement should be separate from the proposal, and contain deliverables
   and the process in which the work will be evaluated. It should state that
   the work is licensed under BSD and make sure that NF retains ownership or
   that the copyright is assigned to NF. [Unless NF wants the contractor to own
   copyrights]

#. It’s just good practice to make sure it’s the project’s work and not the
   individual’s.

#. Tony has a template of an agreement we can use. He would not have to create
   a new document. He could customize the template in less than one hour.

#. He highly recommends the contractor post the deliverables in a public place,
   e.g. IPython’s blog or website, saying what was done, how long was spent and
   that an invoice was given to NF. 

#. “In case of an audit you can’t point the IRS to commit logs.”

#. He also suggested that to “clean things up” NF should own all of the
   project’s domains.

Leah will ask Tony to contact Fernando (who forwards to the IPython FSA
co-signer mailing list) about customizing the template for IPython.


New Business
============

Numfocus vs. NumFocus
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
No strong feelings either way, pick this up next time when Andy is here.

JH fellowship - R & Julia
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Discussed whether or not to forward to Julia and R mailing lists. Agreed that
this is a good idea - nothing in the call for proposals is specifically aimed
at Python, and projects like IPython are getting more involved with R and
Julia. Ralf will do that this week.
