Minutes - January 20, 2014
###########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-01-20.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-01-20.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Jarrod Millman, Anthony Scopatz, Ralf Gommers, Perry Greenfield,
Travis Oliphant, Fernando Perez

**Not Attending**:
Andy Terrel, Didrik Pinte, Emmanuelle Gouillart

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Meeting minutes are approved.

Treasurer's Report
------------------
Anthony provided an overview of bank balances.

Old Business
============

FSA
~~~
IPython’s and SymPy’s have both been signed.

John Hunter Fellowship
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Discuss draft website material:
https://github.com/rgommers/numfocus.org/blob/fellowship/content/fellowship2013.rst
https://github.com/rgommers/numfocus.org/blob/fellowship/content/john_hunter_fellowship_2014.rst

A motion has been approved to submit this as a final pull request on github to
finish this up. We will aim for an April 22nd application date, to allow
sufficient time for proposal review, aiming for a summer start date.

Membership form Approval
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Form and link posted to website. How should payments be made for supporting
memberships?

Anthony can add membership payment button.  Form imports to spreadsheet

Document Storage
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Safety Deposit box will be $65/mn with a $20 deposit for 2 keys Check if we can
get this free given how much we have in account. Otherwise we should look into
buying fireproof boxes we can store at two locations in Austin for redundancy,
which could be much cheaper in the long run.

Elections
~~~~~~~~~
Maybe scipy conference time-line: announce prior to and during scipy’14, and
tally votes at the end of the conference. That gives us the added attention of
the conference period to rally interest.  We need to clarify very well our
elections procedure before starting. We should aim to have it written up by May
1st. Need to check with Andy if he still wants to take the lead on this.


New Business
============

Women in Technology at PyData London
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Asking for £1250 to sponsor 2-3 scholarships and sponsor a Women in Data
Science speaker and networking event.
Motion to spend this amount of money for this purpose is approved.
 
IPython FSA
~~~~~~~~~~~
How to approve new expenditures? We want to file expenses for our new
developer.
  
Invoice for work? How does this need to be approved? Do we need a point of
contact or do all signaturies need to sign? Send to treasure@numfocus

The developer is an independent contractor at the moment. He should submit
invoices, Numfocus can pay those as well as arrange a 1099.

Astropy request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Request by Astropy for NumFOCUS to be legal representative on NASA Grand
Challenge Initiative.

This sounds like it should be handled under a FSA.   We may want to invite
someone to talk with us at the next board to get a more detailed understanding
of what they are asking and to see if they are interested in a FSA.

Do we have a diversity statement / position?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This has happened / been emphasized informally - see the events we have chosen
to sponsor. However adding such a statement on the website would be a good step
forward.  Leah will draft something to discuss. PSF and PyCon diversity
statements and code of conduct documents are good examples to look at.
