Minutes - March 17, 2014
#########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-03-17.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-03-17.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Andy Terrel, Perry Greenfield, Leah Silen, Didrik Pinte, Fernando Perez, Jarrod
Millman

*Guests*: Jiahao Chen, Keno Fischer, Stefan Karpinksi, Jeff Bezanson

**Not Attending**:
Travis Oliphant, Emmanuelle Gouillart, Ralf Gommers, Anthony Scopatz

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Minutes are approved unanimously

Treasurer's Report
------------------
no update

Old Business
============

Election details 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Perry suggest longest serving should step down or considered for replacement
Andy has two chairs stepping down and would focus on adding Vice President
offices.  Vote and discussion held until next meeting

Website Update
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Andy and Leah met with Lila Hickey and Kim Conklin (web developer and designer
from Continuum Analytics) to design a new look and feel for the website. Expect
a mock up next board meeting.

Vote on support for SciPy2014 Women Social Luncheon
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Womens Luncheon at SciPy conference:

  - will cost $10 per person for luncheon ($500 to offset cost)
  - scholarships for 5 women ($5000 total)

    - Question: Should this be run through the SciPy FinAid group? Or general
      student sponsorships?
    - Idea resulted from SciPy2013 Womenâ€™s social, where the general consensus
      was that a call specifcally to women helps get candidates.
    - Money would come out of earmarked money from Numfocus diversity
      scholarships whereas any more general scholarships would be required to
      come from the general fund.
    - Andy will investigate giving money through Scipy sponsorship with earmark
      to females and underrepresented groups. Any advertisements should
      mentions the specific earmarked funds.
    - Probably best to partner with PyLadies to announce it.

  - Honorarium for speaker discussed.

- Jarrod proposes a motions to fund the entire luncheon, Andy seconds Passes
  unanimously. (Vote attendance: Andy, Jarrod, Perry, and Didrik)
- Leah will correspond with proposers about the money.


New Business
============

Julia FSA Discussion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Long discussion on details of the FSA document.

AstroPy interested in FSA
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Next steps Leah will create document and create echosign
Will correspond with Perry
Interested in Comprehensive FSA

