Board
#####
:date: 07-05-2013
:hide_info: True

Board of Directors
==================

Ralf Gommers
------------
.. image:: static/images/portrait_rgommers.jpg
    :height: 150px
    :alt: Ralf Gomers

Ralf Gommers received his PhD in physics from University College London and did
his post-doctoral work at MIT, working in the field of experimental atomic
physics. After a short period working on electronics for Magnetic Resonance
Imaging devices at Philips Research, he is now a designer for advanced
lithography machines at ASML in the Netherlands. During his post-doctoral work
he became involved in the SciPy community. He is an active contributor to
NumPy, SciPy and statsmodels, and has also contributed to scikit-image. Ralf
has been the NumPy release manager for two years, and is currently the SciPy
release manager.


Emmanuelle Gouillart
--------------------
.. image:: static/images/emma_python_smaller.jpg
    :height: 150px
    :alt: Emmanuelle Gouillart

Emmanuelle Gouillart works as a physics researcher in the joint laboratory
between the French National Research Center (CNRS), and the French corporation
Saint-Gobain. She holds a physics PhD from the Université Pierre et Marie
Curie, and an MSc from the Ecole Normale Supérieure in Paris. Her research
interests are in glass melting, tomography imaging, and fluid mixing.
Scientific Python is the ubiquitous tool in her daily research.

She became involved in the Scientific Python community with the Numpy/Scipy
documentation marathon from 2008 on, and shortly after she started teaching
Scientific Python during the Python African Tour event in Dakar in 2009. She
has been contributing to the Scipy Lecture Notes used for the Euroscipy
tutorial sessions since Euroscipy 2010, where she was tutorial chair, and she
has organized several training sessions on Scientific Python since then. She
has been part of the organizing board of the Euroscipy conferences in 2010,
2011 and 2012. Her daily use of image processing has led her to become a
regular contributor to the Python scikit-image.


Perry Greenfield
----------------
.. image:: static/images/perry-greenfield.jpg
    :height: 150px
    :alt: Perry Greenfield

Perry Greenfield received a Ph.D. in Physics from M.I.T. His thesis was based
on Very Large Array radio observations of the first discovered gravitational
lens. After a short stint in communications engineering at Bell Labs, he ended
up at the Space Telescope Science Institute, where he has worked for the last
26 years. He initially was responsible for calibrating the Faint Object Camera
for the Hubble Space Telescope, but for the last 16 years he has been
leading the Science Software Branch. He has pioneered the use of Python in
astronomy, and his group has been heavily involved in Python for the last 12
years. They have developed PyRAF, numarray (the precursor to current NumPy
capabilities), PyFITS, and been heavily involved in the development and
support of matplotlib. His group is now heavily involved in developing the
science software to support the next large space telescope under
construction, the James Webb Space Telescope.


Jarrod Millman
--------------
.. image:: static/images/jarrod-millman-150x150.png
    :height: 150px
    :alt: Jarrod Millman

Jarrod Millman is on the SciPy steering committee and a contributor to both the
NumPy and SciPy projects. While director of computing for UC Berkeley’s
Neuroscience Institute, he helped found the Neuroimaging in Python (NIPY)
project. Currently, he is a software developer at Berkeley’s Brain Imaging
Center.


Travis Oliphant
---------------
.. image:: static/images/Travis_Oliphant.gif
    :height: 150px
    :alt: Travis Oliphant

Dr. Oliphant has a Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering from the Mayo Clinic, and
M.S. and B.S. degrees in Electrical Engineering (and Math) from Brigham Young
University. Travis has worked extensively with Python for numerical and
scientific programming since 1997, and was the primary developer of the NumPy
package and the author of the definitive Guide to NumPy. He is also the primary
founding author of the SciPy package. During his academic career, he has worked
in the fields of satellite remote sensing, Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI),
Ultrasound, elastography, and general inverse problems.

He was an Assistant Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Brigham
Young University from 2001 to 2007 where he taught courses in probability
theory, electromagnetics, inverse problems, and signal processing. In addition,
he directed the BYU Biomedical Imaging Lab, and performed research on scanning
impedance imaging. He has done consulting work since 1997 in laser scattering
off of semiconductors, sparse matrix calculations for search engines, and mesh
transformations for fluid dynamics.

Dr. Oliphant served as President of Enthought from 2007 until 2011, where he
oversaw the establishment of additional satellite offices in New York City,
Belgium, Cambridge UK, and Mumbai, India. During this time, he worked with
Fortune 50 companies such as Shell, J.P. Morgan, and Proctor and Gamble in all
aspects of the contractual relationship – from contracts to training to code
architecture and code development. He also served on the Board of Directors for
Enthought from 2008 until 2011, and during that time, formed strong connections
with J.P. Morgan technical leadership staff and other industry leaders.


Fernando Pérez
--------------
.. image:: static/images/fernando_perez.jpg
    :height: 150px
    :alt: Fernando Pérez

Fernando Pérez received his PhD in theoretical physics from the University of
Colorado and did his post-doctoral work there in applied mathematics, working
on fast algorithms for partial differential equations. He is currently a
research scientist at UC Berkeley’s Helen Wills Neuroscience Institute,
focusing on the development of new analysis methods for brain imaging problems
and high-level scientific computing tools.  Towards the end of his graduate
studies, he became involved with the development of Python tools for scientific
computing. He started the open source IPython project in 2001 when he needed an
efficient interactive workflow for everyday scientific tasks. He continues to
lead IPython, as part of a growing team of talented developers.  He remains
committed to the development of open, high-level tools to tackle the current
challenges in computationally-based scientific research and education across
disciplines. He is a member of the matplotlib development team and has
contributed to numpy, scipy, sympy, mayavi, nipy and nitime. He regularly
organizes workshops and lectures aimed at teaching the use of these tools to
audiences at levels ranging from high-school students to research scientists.
He is also a member of the Python Software Foundation.  When not glued to a
computer, Fernando tries to spend as much time as possible with his wife
outdoors hiking and backpacking, as well as climbing. For more information, see
http://fperez.org.


Didrik Pinte
------------
Didrik Pinte has had a mixed career between academia
and the private sector. As a researcher, he focused his work on large scale
water allocation problems during 4 years at UCL, Belgium. After another 5 years
running his own consulting company in the field of environmental data
management systems, mostly based on Python, he joined Enthought. He is now
running the European operations of Enthought out of Cambridge, UK.


Anthony Scopatz (Treasurer)
---------------------------
.. image:: static/images/scopatz_avatar-1.jpeg
    :height: 150px
    :alt: Anthony Scopatz

`Anthony Scopatz <http://scopatz.com/>`_ is a computational scientist and long 
time Python developer, Anthony holds his BS in Physics from UC Santa Barbara and 
Ph.D. in Mechanical / Nuclear Engineering from UT Austin. A former Enthought 
employee, he spent his post-doctoral studies at the FLASH Center at the University 
of Chicago in the Astrophysics Department. He is currently a Staff Scientist at the 
University of Wisconsin-Maidson in Engineering Physics.  Anthony’s research interests 
revolve around essential physics modeling of the nuclear fuel cycle,
and information theory & entropy. Anthony has published and spoken at numerous
conferences on a variety of science & software development topics.


Andy Terrel
-----------
.. image:: static/images/andy-terrel-portrait200px2.jpg 
    :height: 150px
    :alt: Andy Terrel

Andy Terrel received his PhD in computer science at the University of Chicago
in 2010 and is currently a staff researcher at the Texas Advance Computing
Center at the Univerisity of Texas at Austin.  His major emphasis of research
has been on the automation of numerical methods on high performance computing
resources. To this end, he has provided numerous contributions to a wide
variety of open source projects, including the popular FEniCS project and
SymPy.

Dr. Terrel has held roles at universities, government laboratories, and several
companies.  In all of these roles, Dr. Terrel has been an expert in HPC
computing as well as an advocate for the open source software movement.  Dr.
Terrel has served as chair and organizer of many scientific computing
conferences including SciPy Conference, FEniCS Conference, HPC^3, and
Scientific Software Days.  He is an active contributor and reviewer to several
scientific computing journals.
