=====================================================
Announcing the NumFOCUS Technology Fellowship Program
=====================================================
:date: 2014-03-11
:author: Ralf Gommers

From the beginning of its founding, Numfocus has aimed at setting up a
Technology Fellowship Program. Therefore we're thrilled that this Program is
now a reality, with the first `call for applications`_ issued today.

The vision for the Program is to award 5-10 fellowships each year, with the
majority of funding coming from industry.  The dual goals of the Program are to
provide a capstone experience for talented individuals after completion or
towards the end of their PhD, while at the same time boosting open source
scientific computing projects - in line with Numfocus' mission. That mission
was also guiding for selecting these topics as the ones for which applications
are particularly encouraged:

- Accessible and reproducible computing
- Enabling technology for open access publishing
- Infrastructural technology supporting open-source scientific software stacks
- Core open-source projects promoted by NumFOCUS

A fellowship is awarded to the Fellow, it's explicitly not research funding for
his/her mentor (although we of course expect that any Fellow will prove to be
an asset for any research project(s) he's involved in). This is a deliberate
choice; while a good mentor (and host institution) is very important in order
for the fellowship to be successful, the fellow himself is more important
still. Also, the educational goals of the fellowship program require that we
weigh the potential educational value to the applicant in addition to the
quality of the applicant and of his/her proposal.

Numfocus values transparency in how it operates, and that includes disclosing
how the funding for this first fellowship was obtained. The main funder is JP
Morgan who, as we published `before`_, committed $25k to a fellowship. Then
when we decided on a 6 month duration and looked at the income situation for
postdoctoral fellows, we decided that while $25k (= $50k/yr) is quite common
(see what NIH rates are for example), it's unacceptably low given that we want
to receive applications from strong candidates in science and engineering.
Instead $33k is a lot more reasonable. The remaining $8k of funding is taken
from Numfocus income - personal donations and the share of proceeds from the PyData
conference that PyData donates to Numfocus.

You may have noticed that we named this first fellowship in honor of John
Hunter, the late Matplotlib founder and one of the founding directors of
Numfocus. We intend to award one John Hunter Fellowship each year. Other
fellowships will likely simply be named Numfocus Technology Fellowship.

Given that this is the first round of applications, we're also very interested
in any kind of feedback you may have (please send to info@numfocus.org or the
numfocus mailing list) - what information is still missing, what would have
made this call (even) more interesting for you, what elements should we
definitely keep, etc. 

We're looking forward to receiving strong and exciting applications!


.. _call for applications: |filename|/pages/programs/john_hunter_fellowship_2014.rst

.. _before: |filename|/articles/News/2013-11-08-jpmorgan_sponsors_pydata_2013.rst
