Board of Advisers
##################
:url: foundation/advisers.html
:save_as: foundation/advisers.html

Board of Advisers
==================

Travis Oliphant
---------------
.. image:: /media/img/board/travis-oliphant.png
    :height: 150px
    :alt: Travis Oliphant

Dr. Oliphant has a Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering from the Mayo Clinic, and
M.S. and B.S. degrees in Electrical Engineering (and Math) from Brigham Young
University. Travis has worked extensively with Python for numerical and
scientific programming since 1997, and was the primary developer of the NumPy
package and the author of the definitive Guide to NumPy. He is also the primary
founding author of the SciPy package. During his academic career, he has worked
in the fields of satellite remote sensing, Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI),
Ultrasound, elastography, and general inverse problems.

He was an Assistant Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Brigham
Young University from 2001 to 2007 where he taught courses in probability
theory, electromagnetics, inverse problems, and signal processing. In addition,
he directed the BYU Biomedical Imaging Lab, and performed research on scanning
impedance imaging. He has done consulting work since 1997 in laser scattering
off of semiconductors, sparse matrix calculations for search engines, and mesh
transformations for fluid dynamics.

Dr. Oliphant served as President of Enthought from 2007 until 2011, where he
oversaw the establishment of additional satellite offices in New York City,
Belgium, Cambridge UK, and Mumbai, India. During this time, he worked with
Fortune 50 companies such as Shell, J.P. Morgan, and Proctor and Gamble in all
aspects of the contractual relationship – from contracts to training to code
architecture and code development. He also served on the Board of Directors for
Enthought from 2008 until 2011, and during that time, formed strong connections
with J.P. Morgan technical leadership staff and other industry leaders.


Fernando Pérez
--------------
.. image:: /media/img/board/fernando-perez.jpg
    :height: 150px
    :alt: Fernando Pérez

Fernando Pérez received his PhD in theoretical physics from the University of
Colorado and did his post-doctoral work there in applied mathematics, working
on fast algorithms for partial differential equations. He is currently a
research scientist at UC Berkeley’s Helen Wills Neuroscience Institute,
focusing on the development of new analysis methods for brain imaging problems
and high-level scientific computing tools.  Towards the end of his graduate
studies, he became involved with the development of Python tools for scientific
computing. He started the open source IPython project in 2001 when he needed an
efficient interactive workflow for everyday scientific tasks. He continues to
lead IPython, as part of a growing team of talented developers.  He remains
committed to the development of open, high-level tools to tackle the current
challenges in computationally-based scientific research and education across
disciplines. He is a member of the matplotlib development team and has
contributed to numpy, scipy, sympy, mayavi, nipy and nitime. He regularly
organizes workshops and lectures aimed at teaching the use of these tools to
audiences at levels ranging from high-school students to research scientists.
He is also a member of the Python Software Foundation.  When not glued to a
computer, Fernando tries to spend as much time as possible with his wife
outdoors hiking and backpacking, as well as climbing. For more information, see
http://fperez.org.
