Projects
########

:date: 07-05-2013

Core Projects
=============

NumPy (link)
------------
<logo>
NumPy is the fundamental package needed for scientific computing with Python.
Besides its obvious scientific uses, NumPy can also be used as an efficient
multi-dimensional container of generic data. Arbitrary data-types can be
defined. This allows NumPy to seamlessly and speedily integrate with a wide
variety of databases.
Repositories for NumPy binaries:
http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#numpy,
a variety of versions - http://sourceforge.net/projects/numpy/files/NumPy/,
version 1.6.1 - http://sourceforge.net/projects/numpy/files/NumPy/1.6.1/.


SciPy (link)
------------
<logo>
SciPy is open-source software for mathematics, science, and engineering. It is
also the name of a very popular conference on scientific programming with
Python. The SciPy library depends on NumPy, which provides convenient and fast
N-dimensional array manipulation. The SciPy library is built to work with NumPy
arrays, and provides many user-friendly and efficient numerical routines such
as routines for numerical integration and optimization.

Matplotlib (link)
-----------------
<logo>
2D plotting library for Python that produces high quality figures that can be
used in various hardcopy and interactive environments. matplolib is
compatiable with python scripts and the python and ipython shells.

IPython (link)
--------------
<logo>
High quality open source python shell that includes tools for high level and
interactive parallel computing.

SymPy (link)
------------
<logo>
SymPy is a Python library for symbolic mathematics. It aims to become a
full-featured computer algebra system (CAS) while keeping the code as simple as
possible in order to be comprehensible and easily extensible. SymPy is written
entirely in Python and does not require any external libraries.



Other Projects
==============

Cython (link)
-------------
<logo>
Cython is a language based on Pyrex that makes writing C extensions for Python
as easy as writing them in Python itself. Cython supports calling C functions
and declaring C types on variables and class attributes, allowing the compiler
to generate very efficient C code from Cython code.


pandas (link)
-------------
<logo>
pandas is an open source, BSD-licensed library providing high-performance,
easy-to-use data structures and data analysis tools for the Python programming
language.


PyTables (link)
---------------
PyTables is a package for managing hierarchical datasets and designed to
efficiently and easily cope with extremely large amounts of data. PyTables is
built on top of the HDF5 library, using the Python language and the NumPy
package. It features an Pythonic interface combined with C / Cython extensions
for the performance-critical parts of the code.  This makes it a fast, yet
extremely easy to use tool for very large amounts of data.
http://pytables.github.com/


scikit-image (link)
-------------------
<logo>
Free high-quality and peer-reviewed volunteer produced collection of algorithms
for image processing.

 
scikit-learn (link)
-------------------
<logo>
Module designed for scientific pythons that provides accesible solutions to
machine learning problems.

 
Scikits-Statsmodels (link)
--------------------------
<logo>
Statsmodels is a Python package that provides a complement to scipy for
statistical computations including descriptive statistics and estimation of
statistical models.

 
Spyder (link)
-------------
<logo>
Interactive development environment for Python that features advanced editing,
interactive testing, debugging and introspection capabilities, as well as a
numerical computing environment made possible through the support of Ipython,
NumPy, SciPy, and matplotlib.

 
Theano (link)
-------------
<logo>
Theano is a Python library that allows you to define, optimize, and evaluate
mathematical expressions involving multi-dimensional arrays efficiently.
